Improving Codespaces (#2600)
akaszynski/pyansys: .devcontainer/README.rst

.. _develop_on_containers:

=======================

> Develop on a containers
> =======================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Develop on containers
=====================
```
If you want plural "containers", then you want to omit the "a" article.

Author: Upss.. that was an obvious one :(

> This guide guides you on how to develop PyMAPDL features or fix bugs using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide describes how to develop PyMAPDL features or fix bugs using
```

> You can set the environment variable :envvar:`ANSYSLMD_LICENSE_FILE`
> from the terminal before launching VS Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the :envvar:`ANSYSLMD_LICENSE_FILE` environment variable 
from the terminal before launching VS Code.
```
Google dev style guide says to follow the code entity with the noun describing what type of object it is.
